Overhaul Page properties (#133)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-Editors: Documentation/Pages/PageProperties/Index.rst

This tab contains general information about the page. You
can change the :guilabel:`Page Type`, and edit titles for the page and the URL.

The :guilabel:`Page Title` is used to generate speaking URLs (user

> friendly url format). It is also used in menus and in the `<title>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
friendly URL format). It is also used in menus and in the `<title>` tag.
```

Social media
============

The fields on this tab are used to enrich social media snippets for the URL of

> the page. It uses the ext_seo system extension. See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the page. It uses the `typo3/cms-seo` system extension. See the
```
